# Realtime detection of people dogs and cats with YOLOv4 Darknet
The problem we will explore is can we train a model to detect persons, cats and dogs crossing or standing on the roadway from a moving vehicle with a satisfactory accuracy rate. A practical application would be to implement such a model into dashcams to avoid accidents and roadkill by warning the driver. We will have lots of problems here - limited amount of annotated input data, low resolution videos, distortions from rain drops and stain, poor lighting conditions, motion blur. Dashcam footage might have lens flare too, reflections on the windshield etc. First we will explore the overall light distribution in all frames extracted. Then we wil show the objects spacial distribution over the frames dataset. We will make an initial preprocess and augmentation over the collected frames to improve their quality and to create diversity over the training dataset. We need realtime detection so we will train and evaluate a detector using the YOLO v4 Darknet model as a state-of-art model proven in such tasks. We will make 3 iterations to train the model fine-tunning the input data after every iteration. In the end we will analyse and summarise the results. We will demonstrate the most important model evaluation metrics and even deploy a simple objects detector in the notebook.

Clone the repository then all you need to reproduce this project is following the instructions in file `Dashcam_Detector_with_YOLOv4.ipynb`.

Have fun!
